All right, good morning everyone and thank you for coming so early.
I'm just going to take less than five minutes of your time to say the welcome and then we
continue with the awesome speakers that we've got.
As you can see, there's a lot of us here today.
If you aren't aware of the history, in the past we did have the testing and automation
dev room which was separate from the CI CD dev room and this year the two dev rooms have
been merged and going in the future we will continue like that.
So we do have the two teams from the dev rooms organizing together this year.
So we start with Anders.
Say hi.
Yeah.
Then we have Jan.
Olivia, Fabrizio, Carlos.
We've got Sirio who is at home at the moment.
He cannot join us because he has newly born small kids and my name is Alex.
Nice to meet you.
So you all know the rules I think.
Don't be a jerk.
Enjoy the presentation.
If you see more people coming in late, go towards the middle so that they can squeeze
in on the sides and not jump over you.
And if you want to talk to the speaker, it's up to them whether or not they will be taking
questions during the presentation or after, but we do not have a lot of time for switch
over.
So if you want to talk to the speaker, please take it outside so the next speaker can set
up and we can continue and then you can just come back in.
And this is it, I guess.
Thank you again for coming and let's start.